downstream the royal family
are also leaving the river ian and dr
are in exactly the right position as
anastasia the elephant needing a collar
change
head straight past them here she is our
target
once working the collar will provide
data that will enable the team to
understand and protect her
just wait a little bit because we can
use the car
we do it now don't worry about that so
i'll take care of
you
a perfect shot but things aren't going
to plan
anastasia is running off with the rest
of the herd when she starts going down
i have to get between her and the rest
of them
because when she goes down this family
will defend her
that's for sure we have to get in
between yeah so did you copy
get the other side just tell me where
she is
just go the other side okay with julie
again and also go to the other side okay
i'm on the
far side of the mountain so as soon as
she looks droopy tell me
she's stopped she's completely
stationary at the moment
is she at the back or the front right in
the middle
coming on my left quickly ian drives
close splitting the herd away from
anastasia
but her two calves refuse to leave her
right
now we need to go in you and me yeah
so but push that calf baby you can leave
i'm worried about that leg she's fallen
awkwardly restricting her breathing
anastasia is in real trouble her
breathing is bad
dr cheggy must inject the antidote
straight away
it's worked and she's back on her feet
did she stop breathing
it was almost completely gone all the
abdominal contents were
pushing me to the lungs you know i've
never seen that glass
[Music]
did some quick aneces there thank you it
has to be that fast
a heart-stopping moment for the team but
the data from the radio collars can
ultimately save elephants lives
so the risks are more than justified
look at this now
they're going to come and greet her
this is beautiful we are all coming
together it's beautiful
who's the most loving family i know
[Music]
is that beautiful
[Applause]
[Music]
you